COCO-GAN: Generation by Parts via Conditional Coordinating

Humans can only interact with part of the surrounding environment due to biological restrictions.
Therefore, we learn to reason the spatial relationships across a series of observations to piece together the surrounding environment.
Inspired by such behavior and the fact that machines also have computational constraints, we propose COnditional COordinate GAN (COCO-GAN) of which the generator generates images by parts based on their spatial coordinates as the condition.
On the other hand, the discriminator learns to justify realism across multiple assembled patches by global coherence, local appearance, and edge-crossing continuity.
Despite the full images are never generated during training, we show that COCO-GAN can produce state-of-the-art-quality full images during inference.
We further demonstrate a variety of novel applications enabled by teaching the network to be aware of coordinates.
First, we perform extrapolation to the learned coordinate manifold and generate off-the-boundary patches.
Combining with the originally generated full image, COCO-GAN can produce images that are larger than training samples, which we called “beyond-boundary generation”.
We then showcase panorama generation within a cylindrical coordinate system that inherently preserves horizontally cyclic topology.
On the computation side, COCO-GAN has a built-in divide-and-conquer paradigm that reduces memory requisition during training and inference, provides highparallelism, and can generate parts of images on-demand.

인간은 생물학적 제한으로 인해 주변 환경의 일부와 만 상호 작용할 수 있습니다.
따라서 우리는 주변 환경을 결합하기 위해 일련의 관찰에 걸친 공간 관계를 추론하는 방법을 배웁니다.
이러한 동작과 기계에도 계산 제약이 있다는 사실에서 영감을 받아 생성기가 공간 좌표를 조건으로하여 부품별로 이미지를 생성하는 COCO-GAN (COnditional COordinate GAN)을 제안합니다.
한편, 판별자는 글로벌 일관성, 로컬 외관 및 에지 교차 연속성에 의해 여러 조립 된 패치에서 사실성을 정당화하는 방법을 배웁니다.
훈련 중에는 전체 이미지가 생성되지 않지만 COCO-GAN은 추론 중에 최첨단 품질의 전체 이미지를 생성 할 수 있음을 보여줍니다.
우리는 네트워크가 좌표를 인식하도록 교육함으로써 가능해진 다양한 새로운 응용 프로그램을 추가로 보여줍니다.
먼저 학습 된 좌표 매니 폴드에 대한 외삽을 수행하고 경계를 벗어난 패치를 생성합니다.
COCO-GAN은 원래 생성 된 전체 이미지와 결합하여 "경계를 넘어서는 생성"이라고하는 학습 샘플보다 큰 이미지를 생성 할 수 있습니다.
그런 다음 본질적으로 수평 순환 토폴로지를 보존하는 원통형 좌표계 내에서 파노라마 생성을 보여줍니다.
계산 측면에서 COCO-GAN은 학습 및 추론 중 메모리 요구를 줄이고 높은 병렬성을 제공하며 주문형 이미지의 일부를 생성 할 수있는 분할 및 정복 패러다임을 내장하고 있습니다.
