Evolution of Image Segmentation using Deep Convolutional Neural Network: A Survey

From the autonomous car driving to medical diagnosis, the requirement of the task of image segmentation is everywhere.
Segmentation of an image is one of the indispensable tasks in computer vision.
This task is comparatively complicated than other vision tasks as it needs low-level spatial information.
Basically, image segmentation can be of two types: semantic segmentation and instance segmentation.
The combined version of these two basic tasks is known as panoptic segmentation.
In the recent era, the success of deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) has influenced the field of segmentation greatly and gave us various successful models to date.
In this survey, we are going to take a glance at the evolution of both semantic and instance segmentation work based on CNN.
We have also specified comparative architectural details of some state-of-the-art models and discuss their training details to present a lucid understanding of hyper-parameter tuning of those models.
We have also drawn a comparison among the performance of those models on different datasets.
Lastly, we have given a glimpse of some state-of-the-art panoptic segmentation models.
Keywords: Convolutional Neural Network, Deep Learning, Semantic Segmentation, Instance Segmentation, Panoptic Segmentation, Survey

자율 주행에서 의료 진단에 이르기까지 이미지 분할 작업의 요구 사항은 어디에나 있습니다.
이미지 분할은 컴퓨터 비전에서 없어서는 안될 작업 중 하나입니다.
이 작업은 낮은 수준의 공간 정보가 필요하기 때문에 다른 비전 작업보다 비교적 복잡합니다.
기본적으로 이미지 분할은 의미 론적 분할과 인스턴스 분할의 두 가지 유형이 될 수 있습니다.
이 두 가지 기본 작업의 결합 된 버전을 파노라마 분할이라고합니다.
최근에 딥 컨볼 루션 신경망 (CNN)의 성공은 세분화 분야에 큰 영향을 미쳤으며 현재까지 다양한 성공적인 모델을 제공했습니다.
이 설문 조사에서는 CNN을 기반으로 한 시맨틱 및 인스턴스 세분화 작업의 진화를 한 눈에 볼 것입니다.
또한 일부 최첨단 모델의 비교 아키텍처 세부 정보를 지정하고 해당 모델의 하이퍼 매개 변수 조정에 대한 명쾌한 이해를 제공하기 위해 훈련 세부 정보를 논의했습니다.
또한 다른 데이터 세트에서 해당 모델의 성능을 비교했습니다.
마지막으로, 우리는 몇 가지 최첨단 panoptic 분할 모델을 살펴 보았습니다.
키워드 : Convolutional Neural Network, Deep Learning, Semantic Segmentation, Instance Segmentation, Panoptic Segmentation, Survey
