StackGAN: Text to Photo-realistic Image Synthesis with Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks

Synthesizing high-quality images from text descriptions is a challenging problem in computer vision and has many practical applications.
Samples generated by existing text-to-image approaches can roughly reflect the meaning of the given descriptions, but they fail to contain necessary details and vivid object parts.
In this paper, we propose Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks (StackGAN) to generate 256×256 photo-realistic images conditioned on text descriptions.
We decompose the hard problem into more manageable sub-problems through a sketch-refinement process.
The Stage-I GAN sketches the primitive shape and colors of the object based on the given text description, yielding Stage-I low-resolution images.
The Stage-II GAN takes Stage-I results and text descriptions as inputs, and generates high-resolution images with photo-realistic details.
It is able to rectify defects in Stage-I results and add compelling details with the refinement process.
To improve the diversity of the synthesized images and stabilize the training of the conditional-GAN, we introduce a novel Conditioning Augmentation technique that encourages smoothness in the latent conditioning manifold.
Extensive experiments and comparisons with state-of-the-arts on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves significant improvements on generating photo-realistic images conditioned on text descriptions.

텍스트 설명에서 고품질 이미지를 합성하는 것은 컴퓨터 비전에서 어려운 문제이며 많은 실용적인 응용 프로그램이 있습니다.
기존 텍스트-이미지 방식으로 생성 된 샘플은 주어진 설명의 의미를 대략적으로 반영 할 수 있지만 필요한 세부 사항과 생생한 개체 부분을 포함하지 않습니다.
이 논문에서는 텍스트 설명에 따라 256 × 256의 사실적인 이미지를 생성하기 위해 Stacked Generative Adversarial Network (StackGAN)를 제안합니다.
우리는 스케치 수정 프로세스를 통해 어려운 문제를보다 관리하기 쉬운 하위 문제로 분해합니다.
Stage-I GAN은 주어진 텍스트 설명을 기반으로 객체의 원시 모양과 색상을 스케치하여 Stage-I 저해상도 이미지를 생성합니다.
Stage-II GAN은 Stage-I 결과와 텍스트 설명을 입력으로 받아 사실적인 세부 묘사가 포함 된 고해상도 이미지를 생성합니다.
1 단계 결과의 결함을 수정하고 개선 프로세스를 통해 매력적인 세부 사항을 추가 할 수 있습니다.
합성 된 이미지의 다양성을 개선하고 조건부 GAN의 훈련을 안정화하기 위해 잠재 컨디셔닝 매니 폴드의 부드러움을 장려하는 새로운 Conditioning Augmentation 기술을 소개합니다.
광범위한 실험과 벤치 마크 데이터 세트에 대한 최첨단 비교를 통해 제안 된 방법이 텍스트 설명에 따라 사실적인 이미지를 생성하는 데있어 상당한 개선을 달성했음을 보여줍니다.
