VoxelNet: End-to-end Learning for Point Cloud Based 3D Object Detection

Accurate detection of objects in 3D point clouds is a central problem in many applications, such as autonomous navigation, housekeeping robots, and augmented/virtual reality.
To interface a highly sparse LiDAR point cloud with a region proposal network (RPN), most existing efforts have focused on hand-crafted feature representations, for example, a bird’s eye view projection.
In this work, we remove the need of manual feature engineering for 3D point clouds and propose VoxelNet, a generic 3D detection network that unifies feature extraction and bounding box prediction into a single stage, end-to-end trainable deep network.
Specifically, VoxelNet divides a point cloud into equally spaced 3D voxels and transforms a group of points within each voxel into a unified feature representation through the newly introduced voxel feature encoding (VFE) layer.
In this way, the point cloud is encoded as a descriptive volumetric representation, which is then connected to a RPN to generate detections.
Experiments on the KITTI car detection benchmark show that VoxelNet outperforms the state-of-the-art LiDAR based 3D detection methods by a large margin.
Furthermore, our network learns an effective discriminative representation of objects with various geometries, leading to encouraging results in 3D detection of pedestrians and cyclists, based on only LiDAR.

3D 포인트 클라우드에서 물체를 정확하게 감지하는 것은 자율 내비게이션, 하우스 키핑 로봇, 증강 / 가상 현실과 같은 많은 애플리케이션에서 핵심적인 문제입니다.
매우 희소 한 LiDAR 포인트 클라우드를 지역 제안 네트워크 (RPN)와 인터페이스하기 위해 기존의 대부분의 노력은 조감도 투영과 같이 수작업으로 만들어진 피쳐 표현에 초점을 맞추 었습니다.
이 작업에서는 3D 포인트 클라우드에 대한 수동 기능 엔지니어링의 필요성을 제거하고 기능 추출 및 경계 상자 예측을 단일 단계의 엔드 투 엔드 훈련 가능한 딥 네트워크로 통합하는 일반 3D 감지 네트워크 인 VoxelNet을 제안합니다.
특히 VoxelNet은 포인트 클라우드를 동일한 간격의 3D 복셀로 분할하고 새로 도입 된 VFE (복셀 기능 인코딩) 레이어를 통해 각 복셀 내의 포인트 그룹을 통합 된 기능 표현으로 변환합니다.
이러한 방식으로 포인트 클라우드는 설명적인 체적 표현으로 인코딩 된 다음 RPN에 연결되어 탐지를 생성합니다.
KITTI 자동차 감지 벤치 마크에 대한 실험에 따르면 VoxelNet이 최첨단 LiDAR 기반 3D 감지 방법보다 큰 차이를 보입니다.
또한, 우리의 네트워크는 다양한 형상을 가진 물체의 효과적인 차별적 표현을 학습하여 LiDAR만을 기반으로 보행자와 자전거 사용자를 3D로 감지 할 수 있습니다.

참고 블로그
https://velog.io/@intuition/VoxelNet
