You Only Look Once: Unified, Real-Time Object Detection

We present YOLO, a new approach to object detection.
Prior work on object detection repurposes classifiers to perform detection.
Instead, we frame object detection as a regression problem to spatially separated bounding boxes and associated class probabilities.
A single neural network predicts bounding boxes and class probabilities directly from full images in one evaluation.
Since the whole detection pipeline is a single network, it can be optimized end-to-end directly on detection performance.
Our unified architecture is extremely fast.
Our base YOLO model processes images in real-time at 45 frames per second.
A smaller version of the network, Fast YOLO, processes an astounding 155 frames per second while still achieving double the mAP of other real-time detectors.
Compared to state-of-the-art detection systems, YOLO makes more localization errors but is less likely to predict false positives on background.
Finally, YOLO learns very general representations of objects.
It outperforms other detection methods, including DPM and R-CNN, when generalizing from natural images to other domains like artwork.

객체 감지에 대한 새로운 접근 방식 인 YOLO를 소개합니다.
물체 감지에 대한 사전 작업은 분류기를 사용하여 감지를 수행합니다.
대신 객체 감지를 공간적으로 분리 된 경계 상자 및 관련 클래스 확률에 대한 회귀 문제로 구성합니다.
단일 신경망은 한 번의 평가로 전체 이미지에서 직접 경계 상자와 클래스 확률을 예측합니다.
전체 탐지 파이프 라인이 단일 네트워크이므로 탐지 성능에 대해 직접 종단 간 최적화 할 수 있습니다.
통합 아키텍처는 매우 빠릅니다.
우리의 기본 YOLO 모델은 초당 45 프레임으로 실시간으로 이미지를 처리합니다.
더 작은 네트워크 버전 인 Fast YOLO는 놀라운 초당 155 프레임을 처리하는 동시에 다른 실시간 탐지기의 mAP를 두 배로 늘립니다.
최첨단 탐지 시스템에 비해 YOLO는 더 많은 현지화 오류를 발생 시키지만 백그라운드에서 오탐을 예측할 가능성이 적습니다.
마지막으로 YOLO는 객체의 매우 일반적인 표현을 배웁니다.
자연 이미지에서 아트 워크와 같은 다른 영역으로 일반화 할 때 DPM 및 R-CNN을 포함한 다른 감지 방법보다 성능이 뛰어납니다.

참고 블러그 
https://bkshin.tistory.com/entry/%EB%85%BC%EB%AC%B8-%EB%A6%AC%EB%B7%B0-YOLOYou-Only-Look-Once
YOLO 연구진은 객체 검출(object detection)에 새로운 접근방식을 적용했습니다.
기존의 multi-task 문제를 하나의 회귀(regression) 문제로 재정의했습니다.
YOLO는 이미지 전체에 대해서 하나의 신경망(a single neural network)이 한 번의 계산만으로 bounding box와 클래스 확률(class probability)을 예측합니다.
-> bounding box란 객체의 위치를 알려주기 위해 객체의 둘레를 감싼 직사각형 박스를 말합니다.
클래스 확률이란 bounding box로 둘러싸인 객체가 어떤 클래스에 해당하는지에 관한 확률을 의미합니다.
객체 검출 파이프라인이 하나의 신경망으로 구성되어 있으므로 end-to-end 형식입니다.
YOLO의 통합된 모델을 굉장히 빠릅니다. (1초에 45 프레임 처리, Fast YOLO는 1초에 155 프레임 처리)
